README.md, before:

<a name="readme-top"></a>

<div align="center">

  <br/>

  <h3><b>School Library</b></h3>

</div>


# 📗 Table of Contents

- [📖 About the Project](#about-project)
  - [🛠 Built With](#built-with)
    - [Tech Stack](#tech-stack)
    - [Key Features](#key-features)
- [💻 Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Setup](#setup)
  - [Usage](#usage)
- [👥 Author](#authors)
- [🔭 Future Features](#future-features)
- [🤝 Contributing](#contributing)
- [⭐️ Show your support](#support)
- [🙏 Acknowlednpments](#acknowlednpments)
- [❓ FAQ (OPTIONAL)](#faq)
- [📝 License](#license)


# 📖 school-library<a name="about-project"></a>

**school-library** This project is a school Library app built using Ruby which will allow users to Add new students or teachers, Add new books and Save records of who borrowed a given book and when. It is an app to record what books are in the library and who borrows them.

## 🛠 Built With <a name="built-with"></a>
RUBY
### Tech Stack <a name="tech-stack"></a>

<details>
  <summary>Client</summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://www.ruby-lang.org/en/">Ruby</a></li>
  </ul>
</details>

### Key Features <a name="key-features"></a>

> Key Features

- Person, Student and Teacher classes has been implemented
- Will add more classes and functionalionaties in the upcoming milestones of this project


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


## 💻 Getting Started <a name="getting-started"></a>

To get a local copy up and running, follow these steps.


### Prerequisites

In order to run this project you need:

  ruby > 3.2.2
  code-runner


### Setup

Clone this repository to your desired folder:

```sh
  cd my-folder
  git clone git@github.com:baqar-abbas/school-library.git
```

### Usage

To run the project, execute the ruby file with any code runner of your choice.


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


## 👥 Author <a name="authors"></a>

👤 **Baqar Abbas**

- GitHub: [@Baqar](https://github.com/baqar-abbas)
- Twitter: [@BaqarAbbas9](https://twitter.com/BaqarAbbas9)
- LinkedIn: [Baqar Abbas](https://www.linkedin.com/in/baqar-abbas/)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


## 🔭 Future Features <a name="future-features"></a>

- More classes and functionalities will be added in the future milestones of this project.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributing"></a>

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


## ⭐️ Show your support <a name="support"></a>

> If you like this project please follow and give it a star ⭐️

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


## 🙏 Acknowledgments <a name="acknowlednpments"></a>

> I would like to Thanks Microverse for the idea of this Program

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


## ❓ FAQ <a name="faq"></a>

> Is this an Open Source Project?

Yes

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>

This project is [MIT](./LICENSE.md) licensed.


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

Commit message:

set up associations: Created class Classroom and defined its association with student class. Created classes Book and rentals and defined their associations with person class. Tested sample  code in console. results are fine. Readme updated

README.md, after:

<a name="readme-top"></a>

<div align="center">

  <br/>

  <h3><b>School Library</b></h3>

</div>


# 📗 Table of Contents

- [📖 About the Project](#about-project)
  - [🛠 Built With](#built-with)
    - [Tech Stack](#tech-stack)
    - [Key Features](#key-features)
- [💻 Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Setup](#setup)
  - [Usage](#usage)
- [👥 Author](#authors)
- [🔭 Future Features](#future-features)
- [🤝 Contributing](#contributing)
- [⭐️ Show your support](#support)
- [🙏 Acknowlednpments](#acknowlednpments)
- [❓ FAQ (OPTIONAL)](#faq)
- [📝 License](#license)


# 📖 school-library<a name="about-project"></a>

**school-library** This project is a school Library app built using Ruby which will allow users to Add new students or teachers, Add new books and Save records of who borrowed a given book and when. It is an app to record what books are in the library and who borrows them.

## 🛠 Built With <a name="built-with"></a>
RUBY
### Tech Stack <a name="tech-stack"></a>

<details>
  <summary>Client</summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://www.ruby-lang.org/en/">Ruby</a></li>
  </ul>
</details>

### Key Features <a name="key-features"></a>

> Key Features

- Person, Student and Teacher classes has been implemented
- Created classed ClassRoom, Book and Rental. 
- Created associations between classes.
- Will add more functionalionaties and ui in the upcoming milestones of this project


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


## 💻 Getting Started <a name="getting-started"></a>

To get a local copy up and running, follow these steps.


### Prerequisites

In order to run this project you need:

  ruby > 3.2.2
  code-runner


### Setup

Clone this repository to your desired folder:

```sh
  cd my-folder
  git clone git@github.com:baqar-abbas/school-library.git
```

### Usage

To run the project, execute the ruby file with any code runner of your choice.


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


## 👥 Author <a name="authors"></a>

👤 **Baqar Abbas**

- GitHub: [@Baqar](https://github.com/baqar-abbas)
- Twitter: [@BaqarAbbas9](https://twitter.com/BaqarAbbas9)
- LinkedIn: [Baqar Abbas](https://www.linkedin.com/in/baqar-abbas/)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


## 🔭 Future Features <a name="future-features"></a>

- More classes and functionalities will be added in the future milestones of this project.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributing"></a>

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


## ⭐️ Show your support <a name="support"></a>

> If you like this project please follow and give it a star ⭐️

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


## 🙏 Acknowledgments <a name="acknowlednpments"></a>

> I would like to Thanks Microverse for the idea of this Program

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


## ❓ FAQ <a name="faq"></a>

> Is this an Open Source Project?

Yes

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>

This project is [MIT](./LICENSE.md) licensed.


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>
